now let's do kind of a recap of things that
you probably already know uh to actually build our mood
picker. So if you prefer, you can pause
at the beginning of each section and try to build
this yourself without looking at the solution. I'm going
to just code it live. So what were you
first is a list of emojis for you to choose
from. So to recap the two things we're going
to be using here, mostly our View and text
. So view is the container for to be used
in styling similar to DiV on the web development and
text is used to display text. So let's use
this mood option array to display a list of moods
in a horizontal list on the homepage. So in
our project next to the screens directory, let's create
another directory. And it's called components. This is
really what components should live. And in the components
directory replicates a new file and let's call it mood
picker dot tsx. And in here I'm going to
copy my mood options for free to change them to
fit your needs. Um But here are my default
. Let's import react from react. Mhm. And
it's still export const picker and react fc. And
let's return she's gonna return a view for now.
That's important. View from react native and in our
screens in our home screen, let's import move pick
up from components mood picker. And just render it
now. In the mood pick out. Let's make
open up this Div And that's to mood options.
Stop map option and that surrender this inside a text
. So the option dot magic. Alright, So
firstly we need to add the psyche. So let's
add a key to be option, thoughts emerge.
E And now we want this to be a horizontal
list. So we need style sheet for this.
So we'll import style sheets and at the bottom.
Well, kate styles, I'll be still style sheet
dot create and we'll do mood options and let's do
flex direction grow to make them go horizontal and justify
content space between to be for them to space evenly
here. So for the option container this to style
equals styles dot mood options. Alright, lastly,
we kind of want this to be at the center
. So let's go to our home screen and use
create another style sheet. Const Yeah, const styles
equals Mhm. Style sheet start to create and container
And let's do a flex one. And yeah.
And then we'll need a justify content center. Mhm
. Two. Let me put the emerging in the
middle. Actually, I think I added the padding
in here Playing Horizontal. Still 10. I said
20. All right. So now we have a
list of emojis and let's quickly have a look at
android and you can see the android emerges are showing
up as well, but they are different from IOS
emerges. So, one thing to note about emerges
that they will depend on the device, especially on
android. It will depend on the emerging set that
the person has installed